Kellen Haas
CPSC 4890
Dr. Dean
12/8/2020

                        Programming Competition Report

I participated in CodeChef's November Lunchtime competition and their November
CodeKombat Wildcard Round. I was not able to finish the first problem for either
contest at first. However, I did revisit them and I was able to complete them
after the contest had finished.

I struggled with some of the very basic concepts of reading in a file in C++,
which is super unusual for me, but I think it was a result of being a bit
flustered and nervous because it was my first time competing. After revisiting
the problems, I realized how significantly simple the gasoline introduction
problem was and I was able to think of a solution for the maximum absolute difference
between the smallest and largest elements in an array.

I was definitely overthinking the two problems during my first attempt, but I
still found the overall experience to be positive and beneficial for me. I think
I could really benefit from participating in more of these competitions as they
are extremely similar to the way we take tests and have to solve problems in
a short period of time. I think that overall I can improve on my first approach
to problems. I should take some time to draw out the problem and try to find a
solution on paper before beginning to code.

I am incredibly sorry that I am submitting this report late, and outside of
my coding experience, I also need to change my approach for time management.
I hope that changing this will allow for me to have that extra necessary time
that I always seem to need whenever something in my program starts to go wrong.
I thoroughly enjoyed this class as I have in the past. Even though I may not
completely understand all of the problems or their solutions, I think it is
important for me to experience a few challenging problems that I may not get the
correct answer to, but in the long run I will have learned some new technique
from it.

I hope you have a wonderful holiday and I look forward to taking this class again
next semester!
